docs: Add upgrade guide for Algolia plugin (#3582)
medusajs/medusa: docs/content/upgrade-guides/plugins/algolia/1-0-0.md

# Algolia Search: v1.0.0

> Version 1.0.0 of our official Algolia plugin, `medusa-plugin-algolia` comes with breaking changes to the plugin options that are passed to the Algolia service through `medusa-config.js`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 1.0.0 of the official Algolia plugin comes with breaking changes to the plugin options that are passed to the Algolia service through `medusa-config.js`.
```

## Overview

In the new version of the Algolia search plugin, two new plugin configuration properties are introduced; `transformer` and `primaryKey`.  As a result, the way indexes in Algolia are configured has changed. Additionally, the existing settings have been changed to follow a camel casing - though with backward compatibility.

The new object shape for the plugin options is as follows:

```jsx
{
  applicationId: string
  adminApiKey: string
  settings: {
    [indexName]: {
      indexSettings: {
        searchableAttributes: string[]
        attributesToRetrieve: string[]
				...
      }
      transformer?: <T>(medusaEntity: T) => unknown
    }
  }
}

> ```

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
```js title=medusa-config.js
const plugins = [
  // ...
  {
    applicationId: string
    adminApiKey: string
    settings: {
      indexName: {
        indexSettings: {
          searchableAttributes: string[]
          attributesToRetrieve: string[]
          // ...
        }
        transformer?: (product) => ({
          id: product.id,
          // ...
        })
      }
    }
  }
]
```
~~~

## Actions required

As you can see from the new object shape, the property `indexSettings` has been introduced to hold the settings specific to Algolia’s index options. This has been done to make space for the `transformer`. 

Previously, you might have configured the Algolia plugin as seen below:

```jsx
{
  application_id: "someId",
  admin_api_key: "someApiKey",
  settings: {
    // example
    products: {
      searchableAttributes: ["title", "description"],
      attributesToRetrieve: ["title", "description"],
		}
  }
}

> ```

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
```js title=medusa-config.js
const plugins = [
  // ...
  {
    application_id: "someId",
    admin_api_key: "someApiKey",
    settings: {
      // example
      products: {
        searchableAttributes: ["title", "description"],
        attributesToRetrieve: ["title", "description"],
      }
    }
  }
]
```
~~~

> In the above example, an index `products` has been configured with two options. Updating to 1.0.0 requires you to nest these within the `indexSettings`. Additionally, we recommend updating your admin API key and application ID to use camel case, as the snake-cased version will be deprecated. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the above example, an index `products` has been configured with two options `searchableAttributes` and `attributesToRetrieve`. Updating to v1.0.0 requires you to nest these within the `indexSettings`. Additionally, the admin API key and application ID options should now be in camel case, as the snake-cased version will be deprecated. 
```

The updated plugin options would look like so:

```jsx
{
  applicationId: "someId",
  adminApiKey: "someApiKey",
  settings: {
    products: {
      indexSettings: {
        searchableAttributes: ["title", "description"],
        attributesToRetrieve: ["title", "description"],
      }
    }
  }
}

> ```

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
```js title=medusa-config.js
const plugins = [
  // ...
  {
    applicationId: "someId",
    adminApiKey: "someApiKey",
    settings: {
      products: {
        indexSettings: {
          searchableAttributes: ["title", "description"],
          attributesToRetrieve: ["title", "description"],
        }
      }
    }
  }
]
```
~~~

> You can read more about the new plugin options properties in the package README.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can learn more about the new plugin options in the [Algolia plugin documentation](../../../plugins/search/algolia.md).
```
